Yeah, this is not podcast content. Chris, cut this out. You know what I mean?
I need to really badly do a rant. Perfect. Do it. That's what this is for. That's what
this podcast is. I like was writing out a tweet and I was like, like a really ranty tweet and I
was like holding myself back. So I was like, I should probably just like rant about this on the
on the podcast. Let's go. So we released open off beta last week or not last week.
Damn. Only been what is that Monday? It's only been a week and it's been really cool.
We've gotten like a lot of really great PRs like a crazy amount of people like every day I wake up
to like five or six PRs that are definitely enjoyable. And it's really great because that's
kind of what we hope for like we wanted to build a shell of something and the power of open source
is to like cover the like a long tail list of something and the community is actually doing that
and helping us there, which is which is awesome. But I think it's general enough of a project that
I'm getting like a much wider audience of people that are like looking at it. And so I'm attracting
some of these like very annoying open source type situations. So it's not what people might
imagine. It's not the person demanding a future. I actually don't care about that. Like, I'm like,
I'm, I don't find that annoying. Like someone, you know, I know I know I know some people and
they're like, you don't pay for this. But for us, it's like a little bit different.
I get like, man, I've been struck the reason and pose it to be some struggling to find the right
insult for it, this type of person. Like, it's like a Karen. It's like a Karen category of person.
But I feel like it's, it's more specific than that. A couple of days ago, I got two issues
opened being like, do not use JBLT is they're insecure. And then there's a second one that was
like, do not use local storage. They're insecure. And this person just like linked a bunch of like
random security articles. Yeah. And their view of things is so binary. And whenever it comes to,
like, I found this anytime you get in the category of like compliance or security or everything,
people are so fucking proud to like know the no a rule. They're so proud to know a rule. You
shouldn't do this. And then whenever it comes up, there's a blanket apply the rule. The
rule says you shouldn't do this. So he, you know, he wrote this thing about JWT is not being valid.
And they're like, you should never use them. But security is not like that. And complies is also
not like that. Anyone that actually works in these spaces knows that there's always a spectrum of
insecure to extremely secure. And then you pick somewhere in that spectrum that balances the
security aspect of what you're trying to do with there's always a good product trade off. Okay.
Yeah. So he wrote this in like, as well as a binary thing. And it's wrong because
what I want kind of peeled authority, like every single, like a bunch of authors of service companies
uses the exact same model. And there is a very specific trade off and very specific design you'd
use to minimize the downsides of it, which is exactly what we did. And in fact, I'll just link
to a bunch of stuff. So I said like, is it expiration? Is that the key? Yeah. So if you set the problem
with JWT is the upside is you can verify JWT without calling another server. So it's really
efficient. Like there's a bunch of good reasons for that. But that exact property, it makes it so
someone can't revoke them. So if someone is like, Oh, there's a who was leaked, I need to revoke it.
Other systems are still going to keep validating it. They don't know that you
flagged it as bad. And if you try to design some kind of system to like make them check a database
first, then you've effectively lost all the benefits of JWT. So what you do is you set the
JWT expiration to be really low, like five minutes. And then you also issue a refresh token. And the
refresh token is not a JWT. That's something that has to be sent to a server to get a new,
a new access token. So that's what the deal with the refresh token is. I've always,
it's always just been my mind been like, okay, but like you just moved it to a different field.
Okay. So the root thing is here, the access token is sent to random places. It's sent to
API to send to other people. The refresh token is never sent anywhere except to the authorization
server. So that like moves, okay, flies around less. So it's theoretically, you know, less exposed.
So we had that model that way, you know, if you revoke someone's refresh token,
they can keep accessing the system for five minutes. But after five minutes,
like their access token will expire and they'll fail to refresh a new one. So we did that design.
They didn't factor that at all. So I literally was like,
I explained that. And then I said, I understand that this is going to be a continuous problem.
This is like a security related thing. So people are going to come in with these like dumbass
binary like payments around this stuff and like confuse people because people don't know.
People are going to see that and they're going to be like, Oh, is that mean it's not secure?
So I wrote like, this is the first we haven't the first issue of this. So I'm not going to like
do anything off of this. But I'm updating our code of conduct being like, if you are here to
report a security issue, I put it in quotes security issue. You must report it in these terms. You
need to say, I see that the design is a and it was probably chosen because it has these benefits
and it has these downsides. And here's how it's currently mitigated. But I think it's not,
it doesn't go far enough. If you don't phrase it like that, I'm just going to flat out close the
issue because you're not here to actually contribute. You're just here to like get someone on some
kind of rule. So I find that extremely annoying. So I wrote this code of conduct. It's only two
things I put in there. I was like, it's two points. It says reporting security issues. I say like,
if it's security issue, like, you know, don't post it publicly message me. And if we don't
respond in some amount of time, then you can just close it publicly in case there's like
some kind of hold exploit. Yeah, then number two, I wrote reporting security issues in quotations.
And I was like, you're likely reporting a not really a security issue. Like, you know,
please phrase it in this way. So we know that you've actually done your research.
Yeah. So I wrote that. Okay, great. I think this problem solved. And today I wake up,
I get another PR fix code of conduct. It's a type of PR. And it's like, in this PR message,
it says code of conduct is very bad. It's it should not be used for these type of things.
And then they copy paste it just like some generic as code of conduct. Like, we think you
should be a good person. Like, please do not like discriminate someone by their gender,
but it's it's all that dumbass legal crap that is just infiltrating every single corner of the
world of just people being like, please be a good person. And then they list out like all these
really shallow stupid ways of what a good person is. Like, man, what the fuck does this have to do
with an authentication library? Like, I deleted the thing that I the actual thing that's going to
come up that stuff that I wrote. And they submitted this PR. And beyond this just being really stupid,
like me not liking the actual approach. What the hell is wrong with people? You have no history
with this project. I don't even think you're a user of this project. You haven't contributed
any code. You haven't contributed any examples. You are literally a random person just drove by and
was like, I have an opinion on how this project should be run. Use a random as person, like no
tied to the project at all. So I was like, yeah, this is so fucking annoying. And this is a type
of stuff and open source that like never gets talked about. The cliche thing is like,
like overly demanding user, which like I said, is annoying, but at least they're like using
your thing and like giving you data points on how to like fix stuff. Yeah, this is just people
being bored and being like, I'm going to insert myself into this and like teach other people how
to be a good person. And I just can't stand it. That's not fun. I'm seeing your point of view and
all that so much more clearly. I think I just I have this thing where like, if someone wants to
take charge and set rules and be authoritative, I will follow. And I get tossed around a lot because
I don't know, they sounded like they knew what they were talking about. And they said, we should
do this. We should name our branches Maine instead of master. I saw that in the GitHub repo the
other day, like where it was like renamed or it was some big flag that like this was renamed. And
I just remembered that whole era. And it's like, yeah, that's a lot of toil. And like, does anyone
really care? I don't know. Maybe they do. But it just feels like, yeah, there's a group of people
that just really want to look like they care is how I would describe it. Yeah, it's just like,
what's all that's going on here is you're trying to like make yourself look like a good person. And
you are wasting people's times like it is really, really frustrating. That's so funny. I just saw
a video this morning, well, maybe everyone in the world did because I think Elon retweeted it.
Elon, do you want to switch to show up on everybody's timeline? I don't know if I have them.
I do. Okay. Well, I need to do that because he tweets a lot. But he retweeted this video about
recycling. And I don't know who the source of this video is. I know recycling is, I mean,
assuming it's that thing where like we just set up this whole fake system to make ourselves feel
better. And we just all goes into try. Yeah, I think that's true. I didn't realize how fake
recycling is. I'm a diligent recycler. I didn't realize I was doing it just to feel good about
myself. But I guess I was. And apparently you can't recycle plastic, like basically not possible.
I mean, it just doesn't or at least not very very, very tiny percentage of it actually
gets recycled. And then we have this complicated system of recycling. It probably has a big financial
cost like, yeah, in environmental cost, it's kind of ironic, like some of the details around it.
And again, there could be counterpoints. Maybe there are things that are good to recycle.
I don't know. Like a lot of it just shipped other countries to like a lot of stuff just
dumped into to landfills and other countries. You know, they just dump plastic in the ocean.
I didn't know that. I thought it was like, what? What's that? No, like people other countries just
literally like every minute, a truckload of plastic is dumped into the ocean. I was in this video
through proper channels or just like a company randomly trying to dispose of waste. And there's
an like enforcement of I don't know the part of the video is talking about how we ship all this
plastic to other countries. And then those countries in turn, either burn it or dump it in the ocean,
which is both bad, both bad things to do, I guess. I don't know. Yeah, the plastic thing's
interesting too, because like I listened to a big thing about microplastics. And it's like,
basically, it's everywhere. Everywhere we've ever looked, there's microplastics everywhere.
And like there's no escaping at this point. We're just kind of all filled with and covered in
microplastics. TBD, if that matters, I don't know. But basically like all the uproar about
plastic is just kind of like, it's too late. There's plastic. I just don't understand how we can
produce so much of it. Like everything is covered in plastic. I'm like, I'm like imagining like,
okay, like how much oil does this take? Like, is it like one drop of oil, you can like stretch
it into a bag? Is that how it works? Like how are we producing so much of it? And this is the
cheapest container. And I think about how like, you know, I don't know, back in, I don't know when
pre plastic era was like, but whenever I watch like Mad Men or like a show that takes place in the
60s, like, it's just not anywhere. And everything just looks so nice. But everything just looks so
much better. I know, I do wish they didn't exist. I mean, I don't know, I have to question all of
my motives why I say or think things like plastic is bad after learning that you can't even recycle
plastic. I don't know. It's like, yeah, I do think there's something about, I try to avoid like,
when we buy toys for the kids, we try to buy stuff that lasts longer. I think the plastic era just
kind of sucks. Everything's so shitty and plastic. Except for Legos. Legos is true. They're plastic
and they're great. Yeah, some things look nice. I was thinking about it. I just had a thought this
morning about plastic, about building a giant keyboard, like maybe the world's largest. I wonder
if we could get like a keycap manufacturer like GMK to like be excited about molding giant.
A good giant one. Yeah. Yeah. And I thought, how much plastic, how much ABS or whatever plastic would
it take to create like keycaps as big as a chair? Like that would be a lot of plastic. And then I
just went down a whole trail of like, how could you even type on that keyboard? Well, if everyone
was standing on a key and you had little like headphones where it beeped when they need to jump,
you could type. Sorry, just this is all. Well, I was just thinking like, what if we made out of
wood? Oh, okay. There we go. Just like the entire forest cut down probably. But like, I guess that
happens every minute anyway. It's renewable. That's right. I can find another tree.
The world's so complicated. I don't know how to feel. Oh, tell me how to feel the X.
I don't know. The plastic thing is crazy. But yeah, just this whole,
it's all the towers we build to make ourselves feel better in a not real way.
Just so much of that. It's kind of like a TSA, how it's security theater.
Yeah. It's perfect. Yeah. Like when I heard that term. Yeah, I have mixed feelings about this.
Well, I was just thinking as I thought through that example too. And can I say it before you do,
because then it'll just sound like I got to use your smart. It has to get some things like
literally metal detectors. Everybody has to go through a metal detector. They scan the bags.
I'm sure they missed stuff, but it can't be a zero add kind of thing. That was my thought.
Keep going. Okay. My thoughts smarter. Of course it is. I should have left my dog in my brain.
Couldn't be ridiculed. I'm just kidding. Okay. So, well, I think what people point to is when they
run tests, people often get through like when they like test them without telling them when they
would try something, they often get through. But I think there is an aspect to it stopping stuff
that from before someone even tries, right? Like they won't try because they know
they definitely get to see and it's too scary. Exactly. Like I think a lot of stuff is like
opportunistic when you see that there's a very specific gap, you're like more willing to try it.
So if it was just like a chill process, like there might be more people that are going to try.
So it might just stop stuff from happening before they do. Just like having a lock on a gate,
even if it's not like literally locked and someone walks by, like that'll probably prevent someone
from they can just unlock it and get it if they wanted to, but it probably sounds much
opportunistic things from happening. Just the littlest barrier can be like
a huge barrier, basically. There's a principle around that or something, right?
It's like a window or something. Yeah, yeah, something.
I don't know. It's like there's a principle.
Pro is a good guess because that applies to like literally everything in the world.
Nice. Okay. If it's, yeah, I just, I started realizing like, I think I liked TSA. I would feel
pretty bad. Is it security theater? If I would really feel pretty bad if it didn't exist,
and I just got on a plane with everybody else off the street.
Okay. So my issue with the TSA and this is changing because have you seen those new
machines was crazy, like circular, sleek white ones? Yeah. Yeah. Okay. So my issue historically
with the TSA is every time you show up, it's a random process. It's like, today we're doing
laptops in bag. It's fine. Don't take any laptops. Okay. Next week, we're doing laptops out of bag.
Yeah. It's always related to how busy they are. And I'm just like, I don't care if this is a
complicated process. Just tell me, like, I want to know what it is. So I can just do it every time
instead of being like, what this time do I take off my shoes? Do I take off my jacket?
You have to say free. No, I don't. Really? I just, I typically don't, I just typically,
it's not like flying. I just don't travel much. So I just never felt worth it.
Yeah. That's what I mean, you don't like traveling is what I really meant. Like you don't like to
leave your home. Yeah. That said, I traveled a lot this year. So it kind of would have been worth
it. But it's really worth it. Yeah. But that said, these new machines are great, because
don't do anything to drop your bag in. Go same thing every single time. So whenever I'm flying
in New York, which has this and some terminals in Miami have this too. Great process.
Oh, more of those machines, please. Yeah. The security thing's so funny. At one point,
I was flying a lot, like three, four times a week, just for like a few months. It was a fundraising
era. And I got the clear thing at the beginning of the stretch. I knew I was going to be fine. Yeah.
So back then, this was, and I know you're talking, I know what you're going to say. Yeah.
Like such an asshole, but it was amazing. They walk you right up in front of everybody and like,
hand you off. But now it's like the clear line is as long as the TSA preline. And it's kind of
funny, like business models like that, where like it's only good until you're really successful.
And then nobody gets anything out of it. Yeah, exactly. It's like, then they're going to have
clear plus plus or something. And it's like, because I've also even seen the TSA precheck.
Like, I mean, that one, they check you less. So it, it's always going to move faster.
It's faster. Yeah. I've seen a lot of people. But it's a huge line. Yeah. Yeah.
And then sometimes like the airport's busy and they redirect everyone to the same way.
So just be an auction and like you bid to get to the front of the line. Like, what's the highest
bid right now? We got a hundred and fifty six dollars. This asshole from New York. I keep cursing.
Ever since I said, I don't see a normal person, I just keep trying. I mean, I think it sounds good.
I don't know. Okay. Yeah. Clear still feels worth it. It's definitely like on the cusp of like,
is maybe only saving you a handful of minutes, but yeah, it still feels like it's not completely
useless. But you get to feel super pretentious. It's a nice feeling. I'm better than all of you.
I don't feel good in those situations. I feel like any moment some like the wealth gap in America
is going to reach some breaking point. And then my people are going to burst out that line and
like murder me. That's how I feel. There are things in that vein, not specifically clear.
But I definitely have that growing sense of dread that having money will bite us all eventually.
The trajectory we're on. I don't know. Some guy was murdered in the street in New York. I'm not
some guy, a CEO, a person with money. That happened. And I don't know. I think society always needs
to be at its perfect tension zone. And then it like, it recorrects through situations like that.
Yeah. I think there's a lot of thoughts on about like the murder and being like good or bad. Like
obviously murder is like a moral and like it's a bad thing. But I think the interesting part is
like all rules of society, they're all like enforced by violence effectively. Like the reason
I don't go and murder someone is because the government is like, I will violently take you
and put you in a box if you do that. I think the like equilibrium we reach is if society is
generally doing well enough, that threat of that government violence keeps most people in check.
If the government gets too oppressive, what happens is that threat is like not that bad
compared to the day to day conditions. And you will have these like these situations happen where
people like make that trade off. They're like, I'm just going to commit violence because stuff
is so bad that I'm not really afraid of the punishment. And you see this a lot with like
like rioting. I think this topic comes up a lot. They're like, it's bad to loot. Right.
We all agree. Like it's bad to like smash open a store and steal stuff. You're not doing anything
for a cause. You're not like it's just like you being selfish in that moment. But from a systemic
point of view, like it's almost good that some percentage of people do that because it's like a
feedback mechanism to the government. Like you can't if you like start to like go over the line,
like, yes, we have democracy, but like even in democracy, the governments can go over the line
and things. You'd have to deal with all these random things happening, like someone murdering
someone or someone, you know, including stores. So on individual level, it's like, yeah, like,
that's a wrong thing to do. But from like a system from a system point of view, like,
it's all like enforced through violence in some way. So do you think so could you spell it out for
me? In this case, what's the feedback or who's the feedback to CEOs? Not CEOs in general, just
they're like, it's clear that the state of our health care system is continuing to degrade.
And yeah, it's just like, I think people struggle to hold both things in their head.
And myself included, it's like, it's wrong to murder someone 100%. Like I'm not endorsing
the murder at all. And like that person who did that should go to jail. That doesn't mean that
like everything's fine. Yeah, right. You know, that was technically wrong. So everything's fine.
It just means that what we should look at is, wow, stuff is getting so bad that we're getting
these types of things popping up where someone is not afraid of going to jail for life to like,
you know, push forward this cause. And that's the type of stuff that like, I think it does serve as
a data point to the whole system. And I'm sure like every health care CEO is like really freaked
out now. Oh, yeah. Oh, sure. If I was a CEO or involved in insurance company, I would be
really freaked out. And like how far I push might be tempered a little bit now.
Do you think there's like a, what's the word I'm looking for? Like, is this a thing that could
catch like wildfire? Is it contagious? I'm worried about that. Like, you know,
copycats have happened all the time and that would be pretty bad. So maybe this is dramatically,
but how did the French Revolution happen? I don't know anything about history.
Like, is it that kind of vibe where it's like, it's about wealth disparity. It's about the conditions
of health care in America. And like, eventually, just like the lower takeover, the upper through
violence, is that kind of what happened? I think historically, that's been like the pattern. It's
been a ruling class and everyone else. And there's been moments where everyone else had it good enough
that they weren't willing to literally raise their lives to kill the ruling class. And as soon as that
equilibrium is breaks, like that's kind of what happens. And I think the reason America is really,
really successful is because it's a democracy where at least you feel, even if things aren't
great, at least you feel like you have some amount of control over who the leader is.
And just that feeling is enough to prevent these like rebellious moments, which leads
to stability, which leads to a good system. So it's not literally the fact that like we're
electing good leaders. It's just a fact that we're not dealing with this cycle of like,
bad leader rebel group comes up, you know, kills bad leader. Now the leader is a leader.
And then he also becomes bad. And then it just like loops over and over and over.
Yes. Do you think, but do you don't think that there's a tipping point that could happen in
America where we do resort to? I mean, there's so many mitigating factors are just the reality
that like quality of life. I guess the riot. I mean, there's been a lot of rioting in the last
three or four years, right? Five, 10 years. I don't know. I mean, my context is all thrown
off, but I know there was an era where it was really common. Maybe it's the last election cycle.
Yeah. I mean, it just comes down to quality of life. Like if people's quality of life is good,
that is always a mitigating factor. Like they're willing to deal with, okay, so it wasn't perfect,
but you know, I have a pretty decent life. I'm not going to throw it all the way to go after this.
Makes sense. It's basic psychology from like an individual household standpoint. Like if you're
doing okay. And that's the question, I guess. Does anyone keep track of the average or like the
number of people who would say, I'm not doing okay. And I am kind of done with it. And I am
willing to, because you hear those kinds of things on the internet that like things are bad. But like
for how many people and what is that point where? Is this a stupid question? Is this a dumb
conversation? Is there nothing to be said about this? The answer is just it's like it's not really
what people say. It's what people do. Yeah. So that you always enough to force is you're going to have,
I mean, both forces are always trying to get as there's a people more in power than people less
in power. And both sides are trying to get away with as much as possible. And we land at some point.
And the reality is this quality of life compared to like a hundred years ago is like outrageous,
even though it sucks in a lot of ways. Like it like, you know, tempers people a ton.
It's different when you're like literally don't have any food and you like live outside, you know?
Yeah, it's that rational optimist book. It's like, as much as people want to complain about
things that aren't great, they're so much better than they were. So by and large,
like how many people can you imagine literally being like, I'm going to go
like commit terrorism effectively? I mean, I don't know everything. So I don't have a pulse on this
stuff. I'd say like, like imagine how bad it would have to be for like a significant group of people
to be like, yeah, I'm willing to risk myself, my family, everything around you. Yeah, for this
type of thing. I'm not saying it can't happen, but and the point is like, when it does happen in
these situations, it's like a data point back into the system. Yeah, so there was another there's
kind of a tangential thing that I forgot about, which was like all the murmuring of like this election
cycle. Like, we're ready for civil war. This is going to happen. I haven't seen any militia
people walking down the streets. Did it it didn't happen? I guess no civil war. We're free.
Who's to say depending on if somebody else won? But a lot of people are like people love role
playing. Also, it's actually just the same as the person submitting this PR. Really? It's the exact
same psychology. Really? They have this identity and they like just want to live they like live
in this fantasy where they like, I feel like submitting a PR is a little different than walking
around with like a rifle. I feel like there's a there's a different psychology there, but I'm
saying it's the same exact thing. Really? It's like it's it's all an identity thing, right? It's
they like they're actually romanticizing a civil war effectively. Like it's not really about like
no one is pushed to the point of like actually like the thing I was talking about before, like
actually throwing it all away. They're kind of fantasizing about like, you know, the concept of
like we could do a civil war. Like I would be one of the people that like for bells. And then when
there are kind of like isolated isolated incidents, it's because enough people were fantasizing and
walking around with their and it escalated like they were all in their military garb and then
eventually somebody provoked somebody enough. Because there are things that happen, right?
Yeah, I think and go both ways. I think yes, some of those are just like stupid escalations.
Some of them, but I'm not going to say all like I'm sure maybe some of them are just
someone was pushed to a point where they're like, I don't care. This is I'm like not gonna, you know,
I'm down to throw it all away. But yeah, I do think that civil war thing is like a little like
there's like a weird romantic. The people when people talk about it, it's like really romantic.
So to me it doesn't feel like it's coming from a weird thing to be. Yeah, I mean, that's a funny
thing like being a romantic person, you can do this in like so many different aspects of life. So it's
not like what people would imagine. Oh, the type of person that's romantic is like this. But a lot
of like very stereotypically, like if you imagine stereotype of someone that's like walking around
with a rifle, like thinking about civil war, you have a stereotype image of their head. That person
is often like a very romantic person. They tend to romanticize like the way life works and the way
things are. Okay, I want to break this down because this is the thing I've said about myself. And
I've hoped in the last few months, as I've tried to work on myself through my marriage situation
and all that, I've hoped that maybe it is possible I could be, I could have some semblance of romance
in my life. I've always said I have no romantic bone in my body. Like that's just not a thing I have.
Is that a personality trait? What do you know about romance? Tell me Dax, look into my eyes and
tell me. I think from knowing you, I would say you're probably not a very romantic person.
Yeah, I'm not. I just said that. You don't have to rub it in.
I'm saying, I think your assessment is correct. It's not like, yeah, yeah, I can see what you're
saying. Is it a thing you can learn or grow into? Or is it just part of your kind of like identity?
I don't know. It's a and again, just are you a romantic person? Yeah, I think I think so.
I tend to fantasize a lot and like view things in very like dramatic like movie like ways.
And again, I just be clear. When I say romantic, it's not like related to like,
you know, a relationship. Yeah, not just relationship. It kind of like permeates everything.
Like it's, you have a romantic view of the world and of life. Yeah, so I would say definitely,
I'm not like the most, but it's like clear that I am to some degree. Yeah.
I feel like I'm dramatic. It's different than dramatic though, right?
I think it's close. I think if you're dramatic, it's oftentimes can be. If you feel like you're
dramatic, then you probably can be romantic also. I feel like it's very close to each other.
Okay. Do you ever view normal situations, normal ish? Like that's exciting. Do you like really
lean into depicting it in like the most dramatic, extreme, possible? I don't think so. I don't,
I'm really bad at hypotheticals or like remembering anything in my life. So this is going to be a
struggle. Okay, so I guess you know better than than I do about my personality. You've seen me
on Twitch or something. I don't know. Okay, let's say you're starting a company and it is going up
against, again, incumbent. Let's say you're starting to get very disruptive. It's going
against Starbucks, something like that. Yeah, like, do you picture this? Are you someone that
just like, I just like, yeah, yeah, we're starting again. You kind of look at it in a clear cut
straightforward way or do parts of you imagine this like really like epic battle between you being
tiny against his giant thing. And it feels like this. I don't even think I had considered that
either of my startups has any competitors. That's funny. I definitely never think about them if they
are. Yeah, they're pretty theoretical. I don't know. But like real startups that I've started,
I feel like I could just go to that real data and say that I've never once thought about taking down
an incumbent. And there probably are incumbents. I just I wouldn't even know. I think I don't think
yeah, I think first that music. I got distracted, didn't I? That was not the point. That was not
the point. But I'm trying to think it's scenarios that you might be able to imagine.
But yeah, I mean, it just sounds like you're you're not but like, why do you feel like you need to
learn it? It's just like a random property of a person, you know, it's not like, it's not like
my wife needs it. She knows this about me. She's always known this about me. It's just kind of like
a thing in life. I thought I wasn't able to have. And maybe I could have it. Maybe it adds a layer
to life that would be nice. That's the thought. Not that I have to have it. It's just, I always
thought it was off limits. It just wasn't part of my personality or something. And then I just started
wondering, maybe part of my personality is broken and I need to fix it. And I'll have some things I
didn't think I could have after I fix it. Yeah. It's so hard to know what I struggle. I think
about this all the time. Like, I don't think about very many things a lot. But I think about
personality. Like, what is my personality and what is just the parts of me that are
super fucked up because of my past or whatever, trauma, whatever, brain chemistry.
Did Liz tell you about this philosopher that she's super into? He's like, I'm gonna say
philosopher, but he's like, I'm just a modern day person. He's still alive writing. I've got his name.
I think he might be Korean. I forgot. I forgot what it is. But what you were saying reminded me
because I she mentioned me the other day, Adam really needs to read his stuff. And you're not
going to like it. But I think it is the perfect explanation of everything that you're going through.
Really? Well, I would like that. That would be very nice.
Let me ask you right now. What is that philosopher guy? Yeah, because I'd love if she could tell
us, could you yell at Liz? Come in here. Come here. Because I'd love to like bring up this person's
name. I just love when we talk about stuff on the podcast and I get like five DMs. And it's like,
hey, if you like him, you should check out this guy. It's amazing. Thank you for all the things
you guys send me like movie recommendations. You check Slack. I sent you a message.
You guys are hilarious. Honey, check Slack.
That's funny. Wait, do you just call Liz Liz? Do you have any pet names for each other?
I just don't call her. I have this thing. I think we talked about this. I don't like like
say people's names. It's just I don't need anyone ever. I just never say anyone's name.
It's not that. I just for some reason I try to avoid. I don't know what it is. Something about
it feels weird. Just you have any pet names for you. I don't know if pet names is a weird way to
put this. Any names? I guess we don't. I don't think we do. It's okay. I have gone through a few.
And as part of our separation and reuniting, we've decided to come up with new ones,
new era, new pet names. It's always hard because you keep calling them the old ones.
It's hard to force it too. It's better when you talk. Yeah. I'm trying a few actually.
And we'll see which one sticks. Is she is she checking Slack or?
I'm going to get up and I'm going to go. Oh, and I just want to be on behind you taking photos
behind the scenes. Beyond Chul Han. Oh, man. Three body problem. All over it.
I'm going to go over that. Re-listen it to around Slack.
Hey, Liz. Check Slack. I'm going to. Okay. I don't know where to post this like because
because Kristin just need to see it too. I'm going to post it in a DM with him.
Let tomorrow. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Beyond Chul Han. Good try.
Okay. Now that we know his name. Can you give me just a brief synopsis of what I'm going to find?
I've only ever heard what Liz explained to me. Like what she's read his stuff. And she's like,
told me what he's about. I personally feel like I have been saying all this for a long time.
So I'm like, Hey, I haven't listened. Or you mean with with her?
Well, I mean, obviously, obviously, I've like casually thought about this here and there.
This person obviously went way deeper and probably expresses it in like a much more clear
convincing way. Yeah, sure. So his whole thing is about how much we have nothing to focus on.
So we introspect infinitely. And it sounds like a very cliche. This very cliche thing. But the way
he expressed it and the way the points that he makes are very good. And it's like a very well
well thought out process of it. It's kind of where it started talking about earlier. A quality of
life is actually extremely, extremely high. And there is just infinite things in the world to
introspect and micro analyze every little thing about yourself. And that in itself is the torture.
It's not the stuff that's wrong with you. So if we were all just trying to like find food to live
another day, we wouldn't probably be thinking about whether we're bipolar or I mean,
maybe that's a specific example for me. We wouldn't be trying to figure out if, I don't know,
whatever we just were talking about. If I'm a romantic or not, like, I'm just trying to live.
I mean, it's like, it's not that it just, it's just like, again, a spectrum, right? There's like,
a lot of these problems are are actually there, you know, they're things that it's not like it's
completely fake. But oftentimes, like, you're actually feeding it by trying to understand and
solve it. And it doesn't have to go the extreme of us literally being starving. There's just like,
you know, we've just hit this weird threshold of just stuff displacing other stuff. And then new
stuff is like, just pulling you deeper and deeper and deeper into this kind of thing.
It makes sense through the lens, like if I look at the pipeline of like young professionals that
get to a place where they're doing pretty good, their standard of living is above average,
and then they start listening to Huberman and taking ice baths, you know what I mean?
To get pretty specific. There's also like, I've thought about this the other day,
this is, I'm jumping all over the place, but there's a software dev kind of pipeline where
software developers get paid really well. You work for like a decade and you're probably doing
pretty well if you've been working in the US in particular. And then you start getting on YouTube
and making YouTube videos and then then you start a coffee company or whatever.
Like there's like a pipeline of software dev to senior software dev to buys a camera and it's like
undefeated. Hence the podcast that we are talking about.
Yeah, it's just not that deep of a field, I guess. Yeah. But yeah, so I mean, he talks about like,
he goes across everything and it's like, I think it's a very good analysis of what's going on.
Okay. And the reason I said, you know, people aren't going to like it is because it's not,
it's like people are looking for the answer, but the answer is like, stop asking questions.
Looking for the answer. Yeah. But yeah, so I think it's, like I said, I feel like we just are so
focused on ourselves. Like, like peak me, like what is my life? What are my feelings? Like,
what should I be eating? How should I be living? Like, it's just like, so crazy. And it's, uh,
I think that's a lot of reasons why people are, you know, struggling in a lot of ways.
So, so I totally resonate with all that. I'm excited to dig into this guy's stuff.
The one question I have just off the top is, and I don't, I don't know how to say this without sounding,
well, I'm just going to say it. Uh, Casey, if you're listening, I'm sorry.
If I didn't have a relationship, if I was alone in the world, I don't think I think about myself
one bit, I would just be coasting. And I think everything would be really easy. At the same time,
I'd probably live a pretty shallow existence for other reasons, related reasons. Just my personality
is such that like, I would get obsessed with my work or something and just be obsessed with that
thing until I died. Because I'm in a relationship, that's where I feel like I really am digging into
all these other things, trying to figure out how to make the relationship better to give this other
person what they need in the relationship. That's where all my self-introspection comes.
It's like, I want to be the person that is, uh, worthy of this relationship that she is getting
what she needs out of it. Otherwise, and the main problem that she has in our relationship is that
I don't think about these things at all. So that's why I'm trying to think about them so hard. Does that
make sense? Yeah, but what's funny is this guy's entire point is people don't know how to build
relationships. So in both the scenarios, you are, it's like, it's even if you're alone,
you're still feeling a good relationship. So he kind of diagnosed that as being a root.
And you might not be introspecting in the same way as you are now, but you probably are living a
very self-focused life and like my manifests in different ways. So I think his root thing is all
about like, just we just don't know how to have normal relationships. Is there is in his stuff?
Is there an antidote besides just stop, stop doing it? I'm sure there is, but I think with a lot of
this stuff, it's like alternatives. Things I could do with my time. We just have these habits and
ways of looking at things. By the way, I say we, I just mean like, just world in general,
I mean, everyone struggles with it in different different points. I've told you before, I reached
a point where I'm like, I'm done, like, I'm like fully baked. And a lot of those instincts kind of
kind of went away. But yeah, I think, I think just really understanding what he's saying and like
really buying it and like having that realization is probably what fixes things. I don't think there's
like, he's what you'll be doing instead. It's just kind of admitting that this is what's actually
going on. Okay. Well, I will, is it a book? Is it paper? I don't know. I'm sure there's like
YouTube stuff on him. And I don't know. Like I said, I haven't actually consumed any of his stuff.
It's just stuff that I've been told by Liz, but she's a, she thinks he's very, very good.
This Liz have my problem. Does she just look at herself and her stuff unlike you?
I think, I think historically, yeah, it's just like everyone else. And like, it's changed over time.
And she's has done that less. Yeah. Like I said, I went just at a different point.
Yeah. Like I said, the world is built to teach you to literally do that all the time. Yeah,
like the world's always telling that you should be doing this. Yeah. And people, you want to feel
like you're not impacted by that, but we literally all are. Yeah. Okay. I have so many thoughts on my
brain just went to like four different things at once. And I don't know if I want to say any of them.
I tried coming back to Twitter. I liked it. It was funny. I don't know if it's good for me.
I just don't know if it's good for me. I'm on the fence. Is blue sky better? It's your vibe on
Twitter is like for the most part, except when you like start to like apologize a bunch. Well, a lot
of the times you just post something and just it just feels so it just feels like you just do not
care about anyone, which is great. I think it's a great deal. I mean, I don't care about anyone
on Twitter. But like, what part do you think is bad for you? I think it's the consuming stuff. I
think it's when I start scrolling. It's like it's right only. Twitter is right only. I know. That's
the problem. Like all my tweets are just me being really annoyed about something I just saw on
Twitter and responding to it. That's basically fine. That's okay. Except the part where it's a
reflection that like, wait, why do I get on a thing that I'm just annoyed every time I get off?
Yeah, that's fair. Well, maybe if I just cut that part out. Yeah, if I had a right only
Twitter client where I could just dump my random thoughts, that'd be kind of fun. Why is somebody
made this? Does anyone made this? I feel like it should be. I wish to do that with blue sky since
you can't actually build stuff like that. Well, actually, you know, you can do right only Twitter
if you do it through like buffer or something. Oh, okay. One of those apps.
Okay, so for me, I want. Here's what I want. And maybe I'll actually take the time and do this.
I want a thing that lets me write and see replies. I'm okay reading replies to my stuff. But I think
I'm the same where I kind of agree with you. I just don't want to read. So I would like that plus
a whitelist of the people I want to see their tweets. Oh, you have control over that already.
It's the control. That's all of us, right? We have we have a way to control how do I do that?
We could just follow a small set of people and just look at the following tab. But we all
don't do that because we don't have control. The following tab is bad because I'm following
people that I'm quote unquote friends with. It's a social dynamic. It's not actually like I want
to follow these people. Just unfollow them, Adam. It would be so hard and painful. But then I just
I hate when I get on Twitter when I look at somebody's profile and they follow like 26 people. I'm like,
you jerk. Just socialize. I don't think that at all ever. Really? I'm missing my app right now.
I just randomly unfollow 10 people. That's what I want to do. Every day it's going to be like a
Russian real life. You're really going to do that. Let's go to 100. Just don't randomly unfollow
somebody you care about. That's a slap in the face. Every time you unfollow someone,
you are literally slapping them in the face. That's what I think. I have the perfect solution for you.
You say every day you're going to unfollow five people randomly, but it's not random. You just pick
but you say it's random. That's a perfect color. I can like absolve myself of the guilt and shame
and feeling like I hurt people's feelings. It's it's dumb. I should just yeah. If I just followed
like 30 people and I could just read your tweets, that would be that would be good. But there'd be
so much stress around. Well, there'd be so much stress around who deciding who gets to be in my
she doesn't have to be 30. It just has to be just just unfollow people's stuff that you don't like
seeing. It's that something I didn't know who I follow anymore. Yeah. Okay, because I tried the
following tab for a bit and it just gets so dominated. It's somebody wakes up and they're sitting on
the toilet and posts like 25 times. Yeah, that's me. Yeah. And then it's like, well, the following
tab is just decks this morning. So that's what I get on the phone. Pass it. Okay, fine. I gotta
figure it out. Because I do think there's something to like, it's the only place I interact with most
of my friends. So I don't want to just not be on the platform. But I don't want to just be annoyed
all the time because I'm seeing the news of the day and people being dumb. In my opinion,
they're not being dumb. They're just doing something I don't like. But I do stuff they don't like.
So it's all it balances out. I feel like I don't see that much annoying stuff on Twitter.
Really? I feel like my feed turned. And maybe it's I might be on the four you tab, but I feel like
it just turned into like any post that has over like a thousand likes just shows up on my feed.
Oh, no, no, no. Okay. So the four you tab. Yes, I'm saying my following tab. I don't know.
Oh, you just follow. You just look at your following tab. Is that what you do?
No, I don't. I look at my four you tab also because I don't have any self control like anyone else.
Do you do you feel like you get annoyed on Twitter? Yeah, surely you do. Of course.
When you're better than everybody, you must get even more annoyed. I know.
I know it really hard. Yeah. I definitely do. But it's mostly the people replying to me.
Like dumb people are lying to me control that too. You know, just don't tweet.
Nobody nobody replies when you don't tweet or when you tweet the dumbest stuff in the world.
No one replies to that either. Bouch. Okay. Anyway, I don't want to talk about Twitter anymore.
Let's talk about something else. Yeah. Come up with something. How's the API stuff going?
Good. I'm surprised actually that I was able to let my hair down and have this podcast episode go
because everything is splayed out on the operating table and I'm trying to finish it today before the
weekend. It's a it's a gigantic effort. Turns out our API pretty bad. We want to make it public.
Well, it's pretty bad. We don't want to do that right now. But okay, let's talk API design real
quick because maybe somebody will DM me and I'll get some useful stuff here about you should do
this. Just don't say Jason API, please. Here's the thing. I love Jason API for the record.
It's actually so hard to like have a consistent API that has a nice open API document and all
the responses match the responses in the document. Like, could you have this layer of tools? We have
like four or five different tools at play and like, oh, well, that one turns out it's got a middleware
that just randomly intercepts certain errors and responds in certain ways and they don't match our
open API spec. It's like that kind of stuff. But then also, only it's so many things. All these tools
have varying degrees of support for each other. So you kind of build up a little stack to try and
get your docs stack going. And a lot of people use these same tools, Mintlify, which I think we're
going to use for our doxy website. It's just like not working with the open API spec generated from
this one tool that we use, but it was working with the previous tool. And then it's like, do we go
back to the previous tool? And then I'm like, but all the time I've spent trying to get automated
open API generation, I could just written an open API doc probably. Like, I don't like writing
YAML or JSON. But at the end of the day, maybe our API doesn't need to change much. And this is
all just wasted time. I feel like I've spent a week. No, it's not because the whole point is, yeah,
we can do a one off thing. But we're just never going to maintain this stuff. Well, yeah, that's
not automatic. Yeah, yeah, we've learned this lesson S is T enough times where we're like,
it just has to be as automatically generated as possible. Otherwise there's drift and you never
fix it. Yeah, it makes sense. Yeah, the drift would be really painful and annoying. And I don't know.
Yeah, you want to explain, you want to get people context that we're going to have an API where you
can order coffee. Yeah, just for our podcast viewers, because this isn't all the information,
you just leaked all of it out. I'm sorry. Yeah, we're going to make our API public. And we're,
we think it's going to, it's funny for, I have to spend a lot of time making it like a really
high quality documentation site with a sandbox and, you know, just make it feel like a real,
like a real product, except it's just to order coffee programmatically. And we want to have people,
we're going to have a contest to see who can come up with the craziest place to integrate.
Yes. This thing, where what's a craziest place you can order coffee from?
Yeah. And winter gets free coffee for life,
which is going to be which chat's going to run with this. There's going to be so many just like
degenerate ways that they integrate this into things. I'm so excited to see.
Yeah. So we're, we're building it out and it's going to be, you know, we're going to have SDKs
in various languages too. Yeah. We're talking today. You see my, you see my message about the
Java and Kotlin one, no, we're going to have a Java SDK. Oh, of course we have to have a
Java coffee ordering, everything costs 10 times as much if you order the Java SDK.
Of course, Java, I'm just, I'm sure TJ will hand build an old camel one,
because I don't think. Oh, of course, yeah, generates. Oh, man. Yeah. Anyway, I'm sure you'll
throw it into telescope. I'm sure he'll do a bunch of like a telescope. That'd be good.
Yeah. So you'll be able to generate a personal access token and just order your coffee all over
the place, make a cron job cron job. Yeah. Yeah. That one's a great one. So we started with SSH
next the world, basically everywhere. There's going to be coffee ordering in every corner of the
internet. SDK is going to be on every single computing device on the planet. We should put one
on a satellite or something. Yeah. I'm still looking into that. Oh, the shipping stuff in the space.
Yes, for sure. I'm going to do that. I shared the idea with a few people that were not even
like that technical and they thought it was so funny. So that just makes me really motivated.
Can we make it happen? Ironically, for the memes, can we raise around?
Can we just like raise a ton of money so we can do the stupidest stuff ever?
And that's actually not a bad idea. Is there any VC that wants to do that kind of thing,
like invest in it? That's really not a bad idea. A joke of a company. We're not a joke. I mean,
we're a real company. We actually make money. That's what's funny. It's like the most real
company I've ever been involved in. It's just like a business. We have to do taxes probably this year,
our first year. I start a reminder about that. Oh, yeah, that sucks. Now it's fine. Yeah,
it's a real company. We're going to go around. It's a funny idea. I wonder if we can pull it off.
Like, could we raise like a million dollars? That'd be so funny. Oh, the best thing to do.
Oh, my God, this is such a good idea. I don't know if this would actually screw us over,
but if we could get a single investor to do a price round, a billion dollar valuation.
But like, you know, they're only invest like 10K or whatever. Yeah, yeah, yeah.
A tiny percentage. I think there's some signals that this at some point. I know they had some
crazy value. Really? This is hilarious. So we can be a billion dollar company.
Yeah, but like legally, like dig it at 409A down and everything. But like,
does that screw us later? Because if we probably down round, if we ever did actually,
like a down round only matters if we gave liquidation preferences to that investor, I think.
And if we don't do that, there's got to be a way to do this for the names.
That is so good. Oh, my God. That would be so funny to have an actual 409A and be a billion
dollar company. That is so funny. I would love that a whole lot. Oh, man. And even if it does
screw us, we could just say we're never going to race because we shot ourselves with foot. It's like
we. We ripped the parachute off. It's like, no, we're doing this.
That's really good. Okay, we have to do that. That's really funny. Terminal is now.
I love it so much. We get a tech crunch to cover it. Yes, a tech crunch article. Oh, my goodness.
Oh, it's so good. All right. I do need to get back. I keep staring at the code on my computer
and it's Friday when I got to get this done. Okay. Cool. Well, hopefully you can get it all done
today. Well, the question is how much my merge conflicts are going to take up of my day.
How bad is it? What did you do? I don't think it's going to be that bad because what I did was
it mostly info stuff. I actually just checked out the info folder from your branch to avoid
merge conflicts. Nice. I haven't touched the info since you did. Okay. Like if you just mess
around, did you jump into the cord or any of the other packages? I added a new core
folder, but that's not going to conflict. I don't think your merge is going to be that bad.
Okay. Okay. Well, then maybe I do get this done today. Just maybe I figured out the stainless
stuff. By the way, should I not say that on the target? I don't know. I don't know. I don't know
anything. No, it's fine. We're definitely going to promote them that we're using stainless. I added
to our Slack, by the way, they're in there and they're very excited. Cool. I'll hop in there. I do
have a question, but I figured out the issue. So one question about their model, I can ask and
slack, never mind. Their model is annoying, but it is what it is. Well, the repos are so many repos,
and they pushed a change to update their spec because they changed something. They have a new
way of defining your whatever. They updated it for us, but they updated it in that repo. That's not
in our thing where our stainless YAML is. So when I made changes to our stainless YAML,
I just jumped all over their changes and raised the new thing and it erased our, yeah, our SDK.
But I fixed it. I found the history and got it all working. Okay. I'm sure there's like five more
annoying PRs for me to go look at in the time of this. Oh, yeah. Good luck with that. Open source
person. Have fun with that. After that person replied to me, I'll angry. We'll see. All right.
All right. See ya. See ya.